Improve readability and wording (#172)
CiscoTestAutomation/pyats: docs/aetest/parameters.rst

    - `Function Arguments`_
    - `Data-Driven Programming`_
    - `Mutable/Immutable Objects`_
    - `Variable Scoping`_

.. _Data-Driven Programming: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data-driven_programming
.. _Function Arguments: https://docs.python.org/3.4/tutorial/controlflow.html#more-on-defining-functions
.. _Mutable/Immutable Objects: http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Python_Programming/Data_Types#Mutable_vs_Immutable_Objects
.. _Variable Scoping: https://docs.python.org/3.4/reference/executionmodel.html

> ``aetest`` is a data-driven test infrastructure. Its scripts and test cases are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``aetest`` is a data-driven test infrastructure. Its scripts and testcases are
```

intended to be driven dynamically by:

> - Data in the form of input arguments to the test script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data in the form of input arguments to the testscript
```

- Dynamic data generated during runtime

The collection of dynamic data that artificially affects the behavior of

> test scripts and test cases in ``aetest`` is called **parameters**. It adheres to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
testscripts and testcases in ``aetest`` is called **parameters**. It adheres to
```

a pre-defined set of parent/child propagation relationships and may be used as
`Function Arguments`_ to each test section.

This feature is a supplement to static test case data (attribute values stored

> within each test case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
within each testcase).
```

    add_to_c(1, 2)
    # 103

> In data-driven testing, test scripts are the *doers*, performing the act

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In data-driven testing, testscripts are the *doers*, performing the act
```

> of testing a facet of some product. Test script arguments and parameters are thus the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of testing a facet of some product. Testscript arguments and parameters are thus the
```

input data that influences the specific actions of testing. Here
are some possible use cases:

    - The ``testbed`` argument to a script tells it which testbed to run on, and
      what the topology is like. The script can then connect to the testbed, and
      decide how to perform the testing best suited for this topology.

    - The ``vlan`` argument to the ``layer2_traffic`` script can dynamically control the
      VLAN to be configured for traffic testing.

>     - Other toggle arguments that dynamically turn on/off certain test cases,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Other toggle arguments that dynamically turn on/off certain testcases,
```

      and a combination of features to be configured & tested

    - Etc.

Of course, the parameters feature in ``aetest`` is much more than just script

> arguments. It enables users to write test cases and test scripts that are capable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arguments. It enables users to write testcases and testscripts that are capable
```

    }

    # during runtime, the combined parameters seen at the
    # testcase level would be equivalent to the following:
    #   - take the testscript parameters as the basis
    #   - and add to it, testcase parameters
    #
    #, e.g.:
    new_testcase_parameters = testscript.parameters.copy()
    new_testcase_parameters.update(testcase.parameters)
    testcase.parameters = new_testcase_parameters

>     # so that the new parameters seen in the test case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # so that the new parameters seen in the testcase
```

Every top-level object in ``aetest`` comes with the special ``parameters``
property: a dictionary containing the key/value data pairs relative to this
object (:ref:`object_model`). Its default values can be set/updated by the user

> within the test script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
within the testscript.
```

    }

    # using Testcase to demonstrate TestContainer-type parameters definitions
    # note that this also applies to CommonSetup & CommonCleanup
    class Testcase(aetest.Testcase):

>         # all default parameters specific to this test case are declared

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # all default parameters specific to this testcase are declared
```

    #
    #   continuing from the above

>     # re-defining the test case for the sake of code-continuity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # re-defining the testcase for the sake of code-continuity
```

        @aetest.test
        def test(self):

>             # access & print parent test script parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # access & print parent testscript parameters
```

.. _Collections.ChainMap: https://docs.python.org/3/library/collections.html#collections.ChainMap

.. _script_args:

Script Arguments
----------------

> In short, any arguments passed to the test script before startup becomes part of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In short, any arguments passed to the testscript before startup becomes part of
```

    # -------
    #
    #   script parameters and how it works
    #   (pseudo-code, for demonstration only)

    # without going into details about how script parameters/arguments are
    # passed in (covered under Running Scripts section)

>     # assuming that the test script was called with the following inputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # assuming that the testscript was called with the following inputs
```

    #  'arg_b': 2,
    #  'arg_c': 3}

As demonstrated in the above example, script arguments/parameters are 
added on top of the ``TestScript`` parameters defined within the script. In
other words, script arguments are added dynamically to the current running
script's base parameters and overwrite existing ones.

.. tip::

    Define your default parameters in the script, and change the behavior of

>     the test script by overwriting specific ones using script arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the testscript by overwriting specific ones using script arguments.
```
